<?xml version="1.0" ?><!DOCTYPE html  PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN'  'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>grammarcheck</title>
<style type="text/css">
	.filename {font-weight:bold}
	subproject {display:list-item}
	python, .python {display:none}
	h2 {font-size:150%;font-weight:bold;border-bottom:1px solid black;width:100%}
	.expanded:before {color:green;content:'\25BC';font-size:10px;width:21px;cursor:pointer;border:3px outset #99ff99;background:#99ff99}
	description {display:block}
	.childarea {margin-left:7px;padding-left:7px;border-left:3px ridge #99ff99;padding-top:0px}
	h1, name {display:block;font-size:200%;font-weight:bold;border-bottom:2px solid black;width:100%}
	.indent {display:block;margin-right:1.5cm;margin-left:1.5cm}
	.shrunken:before {color:green;content:'\25BA';font-size:10px;width:21px;cursor:pointer;border:3px outset #99ff99;background:#99ff99}
</style>
<script language="JavaScript" type="text/javascript">
function showHide(node,shouldShow) {
	var show=null;
	var twirlie=node.childNodes[0]
	if(twirlie.getAttribute('class')=='expanded'&amp;&amp;(shouldShow==null||shouldShow==0)) {
		show=0;
		twirlie.setAttribute('class','shrunken');
	} else if(twirlie.getAttribute('class')=='shrunken'&amp;&amp;(shouldShow==null||shouldShow==1)) {
		show=1;
		twirlie.setAttribute('class','expanded');
	}
	if(show!=null) {
		var i;
		for(i=2;i&lt;node.childNodes.length;i++) {
			var e=node.childNodes[i];
			if(e.nodeType!=1) {
				// Do nothing. Only interested in elements.
			} else if(show) {
				e.setAttribute('style',e.getAttribute('oldStyle'));
			} else {
				e.setAttribute('oldStyle',e.getAttribute('style'));
				e.setAttribute('style','display:none');
			}
		}
	}
}
</script></head>
<body class="indent">
<projects type="parent"/>
<name>grammarcheck</name>
<description>
A simple, pluggable, python spelling/grammar checker.  Works automatically with marked-up stuff.
</description>

<h2>Rant:</h2>
<div style="indent">
The grammar checker tools out there are surprisingly bad.  They give a lot of false-positives based on technical rules ("I am.", answered Bob.) and yet still don't clean up crappy writing. (The tree was big.  The tree was good.  It was a big, good, tree.) 
</div>

<h2>Status:</h2>
<div style="indent">
	Many of the individual tools work, but I really need a smart grammar parser like "bllip"
	to proceed.
</div>	
	
<h2>TODO:</h2>
<div style="indent">
* need a duplicate phrase finder capable of detecting "the cat toyed with the with the mouse"
* use grammar sense to separate mistakes like "would you like his one" = "this one"
* Should use something like NLTK or PANDAS
* Differentiate between strict and conversational English. (Use more conversational in sentences).
* Ability to split sentences up short and snappy as possible
* Autodetect common spell-chucker problems
* Auto fix repeated words
* Integrate with openoffice
* How to detect missing "that" as in "The change of light was so sudden [THAT] it made Bob blink.  He stumbled inside hoping to get out of the way so [THAT] the others wouldn’t run into him."
* wordification of things like "what so ever" and "none the less"
* detect the correct homophones  "Whether"=>"weather"  "Tale"=>"tail", "to"=>"too"=>"two"
* somehow make verb tenses match
* A good name for this when done might be "pudding", as in, "the proof is in the pudding"
* detect when more scene description is necessary (smell,sound,feel,grit,light...)
</div>
</body>
</html>